A beautiful, smart, and loving person will be coming into your life.
A faithful friend is a strong defense.
A fresh start will put you on your way.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this month.
A lifetime friend shall soon be made.
A lifetime of happiness lies ahead of you.
A new perspective will come with the new year.
A pleasant surprise is waiting for you.
A short pencil is usually better than a long memory any day.
A smooth long journey! Great expectations.
A soft voice may be awfully persuasive.
A truly rich life contains love and art in abundance.
Adventure awaits you. Go find it!
An important person will offer you support.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
Be on the lookout for coming events; they will bring you happiness.
Because you demand more from yourself, others respect you deeply.
Believe in yourself and others will too.
Change is happening in your life, so go with the flow!
Competence like yours is underrated.
Congratulations! You are on your way.
Courtesy begins in the home.
Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
Dedicate yourself with a calm mind to the task at hand.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
Determination is what you need now.
Do not be intimidated by the eloquence of others.
Do not demand for someone’s soul if you already got his heart.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
Do something unusual tomorrow.
Each day, compel yourself to do something you would rather not do.
Embrace change, don’t fight it.
Embrace your inner warrior. Fight for your beliefs.
Every flower blooms in its own sweet time.
Every wise man started out by asking many questions.
Failure is the chance to do better next time.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow.
Fearless courage is the foundation of victory.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls.
Fortune favors the brave.
From now on your kindness will lead you to success.
Get your mind set – confidence will lead you on.
Go for the gold today! You’ll be the champion of whatever.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
Good things are being said about you.
Happiness begins with facing life with a smile and a wink.
Happiness is an activity.
Hard work pays off in the future. Laziness pays off now.
If you continually give, you will continually have.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles at it.
If you look in the right places, you can find some good offerings.
If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right.
If your desires are not extravagant, they will be granted.
Imagination rules the world.
In order to take, one must first give.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
It is better to deal with problems before they arise.
It is not necessary to show others you have changed; the change will be obvious.
It’s not the amount of time you devote, but what you devote to the time that counts.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see the shadows.
Kindness is the key to success in all relationships.
Knowledge is power, but enthusiasm pulls the switch.
Let the world be filled with tranquility and goodwill.
Life always gets harder near the summit.
Life is too short to waste time hating anyone.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Love conquers all.
Love is as necessary to human beings as food and shelter.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Many will travel to hear you speak.
Meditation with an old enemy is advised.
New financial resources will soon become available to you.
New ideas could be profitable.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart.
Now is a good time to finish up old tasks.
Now is the time to try something new.
Observe all men, but most of all yourself.
One of the best ways to persuade others is with your ears—by listening to them.
Our deeds determine us, as much as we determine our deeds.
Pennies from heaven find their way to your doorstep this year.
People are naturally attracted to you.
People find it difficult to resist your persuasive manner.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Practice makes perfect.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
Put your mind into planning today. Look into the future.
Rest is a good thing, but boredom is its brother.
Self-knowledge is a life-long process.
Small confidences mark the onset of a friendship.
Someone is looking up to you. Don’t let that person down.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
The greatest love is selfless.
The secret of staying young is good health and lying about your age.
There is a true and sincere friendship between you both.
This is a wonderful time in your life to look inward for answers.
Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time.
Use your eloquence where it will do the most good.
Welcome change.
When fear hurts you, conquer it and defeat it!
You are soon going to change your present line of work.
You are talented in many ways.
Your ability for accomplishment will follow with success.